this lesson,
we're gonna look at the Progress Bar and spinners,
so these air components that you might be able to utilize that provide some animations and
really some cool effects for users.
So come cool visuals,
especially if you have a dashboard.
These will come in really useful.
And,
of course,
you do need to have something to measure for the progress bars.
You can make different colored ones striped ones,
combinations of progress bars,
animated progress bars.
So these show really well for it users a zealous spinners.
So these air useful to hide and show when you're ever you're loading content.
So whenever the content has finished loaded than you would hide the spinner and otherwise
you would show the spinner.
So it's just a default that is sitting within bootstrap,
and in most cases,
sometimes you need to use it.
Sometimes it's just good to have it.
There a few case you do need to use it.
There's also the different colors,
and these air just text colors,
so it's nothing different than regular text,
and these air treated just as text.
There's also glowing and growing spinners,
so these ones grow bigger.
Eso that's another option within the spinner grow,
and you need to supply it to the element,
the parent element for the content inside,
let's do a refresh.
Get rid of the content that was there,
and we'll walk you through some of the options that you can have with the progress bars,
and that's gonna be a relatively quick lesson.
So just meth specify it as progress,
and that's the parent class.
And then the content inside is could be the where the Progress Bar is.
And this is where you can apply the attributes to how long you want your progress bar to be
.
So the main classes Progress Bar and then specifying the style you could specify with with
25%.
And that's why it has to sit within,
because this is a separate element and you got to treat it as such.
And that's where you get the different width of 25% within the Progress Bar.
And you could also indicate 25% if you want as well.
So it's all self contained,
and you,
if you do want to create additional ones than go and creates,
so to create additional ones,
you just copy and paste.
So you do you need to have the parent and then the Progress Bar Insight.
So there are some options for styling the Progress Bar Seacon do a background of success
background styling so that would produce a green one and noticed this well,
that there's no spacing.
So if you do want to add spacing than you could do margin top five have spacing between
them.
There's also an option.
If you wanna make them wider,
you could apply the styling of height for the Progress Bar and that you would apply to the
parent.
And this isn't bootstrap.
It's just regular styling that you'd apply the height just lets you did the with and
whatever number of picks you want it.
If you want 20 picks,
if you want it 50 picks that will make it whiter so you get a height of 50 picks.
And if you want to have multiple bars,
you can do that as well where you could have multiple growers.
So maybe this one is background primary,
and that one is gonna be background success,
and you could just stock the bars.
So every 25% you add,
it will stack the other bars,
and they don't have to be equal as well.
So whatever you want to make them,
you can make them.
There's also an option for having a progress bar striped.
Let me copy some of this silver,
and this one will turn striped so we'll keep it big and you can mix and match the various
properties that makes a striped progress bar.
You can also animate it,
so it's another really cool one that's actually one of my favorite wants to do to an
immediate.
So I'm gonna change the color of this.
We have some different colors and progress bar instead of progress Bar striped or you can
include the striped as well,
and you could do add in the Progress Bar.
Animated gives a slight animation to the Progress Bar and the spinners themselves.
They're going to be really straightforward because they're just one element that you're
applying that Class two.
So the class is spinner,
the classes spinner border,
and that's gonna create the class by default.
And then,
if you want the different colors than whatever color you want the spinner to be,
then you to supply the different tax colors to it so you can see the spinners air there.
There's also,
instead of spinner border,
you can do spinner growth.
That's another different type of effect for the spinner,
and you have all the same color options.
A swell for them.
If you want to center,
align the spinner.
You can create another element to wrap around it and using the text center class that can
center align the spinner.
So just rap the rap the spinner with the Central Line and Tech Center and that will center
the text.
There's also options for the different size,
and the size is based on width and height.
So if you update the width and height of the parent,
it's gonna update the height of the spinner so style and equal that,
too,
with whatever you want your with to be.
Let's do three R E m.
And also to,
ah,
height of three r e m.
And save that that's gonna make bigger spinners.
Oh,
promise the three there.
So it looked a little bit weird there.
Did you make it as biggest you want and notice this?
Well,
if they're not matching that,
it kind of is this oval shape.
So these are just some of the options that you could have for visuals within bootstrap